
Q1 How can we figure out what is the interquartile range?
Ans1 Interquartile range is basically the difference between third quartile(75 percentile) and first quartile(25 percentile)
     Inter-quartile range = Q3-Q1
     Q3 = 75/100(n+1)
     Q1 = 25/100(n+1)
     where n is the total number of values in the dataset. 


Q2 What exactly is the value of 5-number theory?
Ans2 5-number theory comprises of the following and in the same order
     1. Minimum : lowest value in the dataset
     2. Q1 (First quartile) : 25 percentile value
     3. Median : It is the centermost value after arranging the dataset in ascending order in case total number of values in a dataset are odd whereas it is
                 the averege of 2 centermost numbers in case of a dataset with even number of values.
     4. Q3 (Third quartile) : 75 percentile value
     5. Maximum : highest value in the dataset
Use : 5-number theory helps in plotting a box-plot also called as a box and a whisker chart.


Q3 What is the relationship between standard deviation and variance?
Ans3 Theoretically variance is the dispersion of a random variable in the population/sample dataset from its mean whereas standard deviation in the measure 
of dispersion of a particular value from the mean.
Relationship : Standard Deviation = (Variance)^1/2


Q4 What does difference between variance and standard deviation mean?
Ans4 Variance is the average of the squared difference from the mean, i.e it describes the variability of observations from its arithmetic mean whereas 
Standard Deviation is the measure of dispersion of observations within the data relative to the mean.
Variance - Standard Deviation = Variance - (Variance)^1/2
                              

Q5 When is it appropriate to refer to a skewed data distribution?
Ans5 See, if we have a driver/variable for which the data is there on the extreme left and extreme right and is constantly increasing/decreasing (though we
have less data), we observe skew ness in the distribution 
eg Consider Income : In income's disrtibution for entire population we'll observe that there are maximum people with mean income but there our people who
our extremely rich but they are less in number, hence in Income's distribution right skewness is observed.  
