Q1 Write the Gaussian Distribution Empirical formula?
Ans1 Empirical Formula states that 68% of the distribution lies between positive 1st standard deviation to negative
     1st standard deviation 
     95% distribution lies between positive 2nd standard deviation to negative 2nd standard deviation while
     99.7% of the distribution lies between -ve 3rd standard deviation to the +ve 3rd standard deviation.


Q2 What is Z-score and why is it important?
Ans2 Z-score is a metric that describes a value's relationship to the mean of group of values.
     z-score = (Observation - Mean)/Standard Deviation
     It is used to normalise the gaussian distribution i.e making the existing distibution's mean=0 and standard deviation=1


Q3 What is an outlier exactly?
And3 In a dataset an outlier is a number that is either very low or extremely high as compared to the other values in the dataset.
     Technically speaking, it is a number that doesn't lie within the range of [Lower Fence to Higher Fence]
     Lower Fence = Q1 - 1.5(IQR)
     Higher Fence = Q3 + 1.5(IQR)
     where Q1 is 1st quartile, Q3 is 3rd quartile and IQR is Inter-quartile range.


Q4 What are options for dealing with outliers in a dataset?
Ans4  1. Find Median : Arrange the dataset in ascending order and then find the centermost value as the mean
      2. Find Mode : Consider the highest occuring number as the mean
      3. Make a box-plot, with the help of 5-number summary. It will help in determining the outlier and hence can be removed.
      4. Determine lower fence and higher fence using the formula mentioned in the above question. Any number beyond this range will be an outlier and hence
        can be removed.

Q5 Write sample and population variance equations and explain Bessel Correction?
Ans5  Population Variance = Summation i=1 to N (Observation Xi - Population Mean)^2/N
      Sample Variance = Summation i=1 to n (Observation Xi - Sample Mean)^2/n-1
      Bessel's Correction : It is basically done so that sample mean increases and hence becomes closer to population mean, so that accurate population
      mean can be determined. In the above formula (n-1) in the denominator of the sample mean is done so that sample variance becomes closer to the 
      population variance. 1 is subtracted in Bessel's correction 
         