Q1 What exactly is the difference between descriptive and inferential statistics?

Ans1  Descriptive Statistcs helps is describing data in the form of visual charts such as bar charts, pie charts, histograms etc so that by just looking at 
the charts we get to know what data has to say. Descriptive statistics revolves around 2 important measures 
  1. Measure of central tendancy(Mean,Mode,Median)
  2. Measure of Dispersion (Variance and standard deviation) 
whereas Inferential statistics is all about drawing inferences/conclusions from the data as well as visual charts. It basically revolves around taking data 
from diferent samples based on which genaralisations are made(inferences are drawn) for population data(larger dataset).


Q2 I'm not sure what is the difference between a sample and population?

Ans2  Sample is a smaller chunk of data taken from the population distribution(entire data) for making calculations and doing experiments. Conclusions drawn 
from samples are then genaralised for the entire population.
eg: We have to find the average height of people in India, Here in this scenario it is impossible to measure height of every individual in the country and
then find the average but what is possible is that we can take different samples of people from different regions across country(smaller data) and hence find
their average which finally can be genaralised for the entire country. 


Q3 What distinguishes descriptive statistics from other types of statistics?

Ans3 Descriptive Statistics deals with describing visible features of a dataset or calculating them such as mean,mode,median,variance,standard deviation
and it also deals with the visualisation part(such as bar chart, histogram, pie chart etc.) which helps in describing data better whereas all other types
of statistics is used to draw inferences from sample data based on certain calculations and then further genaralise it onto a larger dataset often referred
as population dataset.


Q4 What is the difference between Quantitative and Qualitative data?

Ans4 Quantitative Data refers to numerical data which has numerical values eg age,height,weight whereas qualitative data refers to categorical data
which is non-numerical in nature eg Name, City, address etc.


Q5 What is the defination of percentile?
Ans5 A percentile is basically a score below which a certain percentage of distribution falls eg if someone score 75 percentile in a exam it means that
75 percentage of the test takers have scored below the candidate with score 75 percentile.

